hey guys such a for mobile geeks here
it's day one of the uplink 2014
conference from Qualcomm for the very
first time here in San Francisco and I
finally can get a hands-on this on the
SmartWatch on let's say on this GPS
watch that one of the Qualcomm
executives was very am at a restaurant
table a little bit earlier and this is
the so-called Timex Ironman one gps + it
is a gps watch that is aiming at the the
outdoor mark and i would say if you love
to go running and jogging each and every
day this might be a watch that you would
really love as you can see kinda looks a
little bit familiar when we compare this
for example to the qualcomm toq because
this is also the second watch is
actually using the mirror soul display
besides that it has four gigabyte of
internal storage and it also comes with
a 3g module and in combination with the
GPS which is in the same model obviously
you can always see where you're at and
of course it can also receive
information for example you can receive
messages you can answer messages with
this watch when you're using it it will
have a better way love of eight hours
doesn't so much but here's the thing
right when you're a runner right when
you're working out we will just use this
watch for this specific moment and I
don't know so many people out there that
are running for eight hours at least not
consecutive hours I couldn't leave as I
can do eight minutes I guess let me wait
so this is quite interesting and let's
take a quick look around the device so
we have a power button over here and
this will bring up the overall menu and
over here I can just switch forward and
the system the button to start the whole
running process let me just show you a
little bit this is of course demo here
it has a touch screen interface it's
based on bru this one's coming from
Qualcomm and here we go so this will be
the main menu then you have all your
little apps on there there will be in
the future you know you will be able to
use all kinds of different apps
could even implement something like
runtastic on it so the Timex Ironman one
gps + um will be available for 399 but
you're also getting a year of free data
on AT&T if you want to just have an
additional here on the AT&T network it
will be an additional forty dollars a
year for the whole year so for those
runners out there for those people that
are interested loving the outdoor life
this might be a very very interesting
device so this is a Timex Ironman one
gps plus if you have any question just
leave me a comment down there and such
for mobile geeks thanks for watching